Open the door! Open the door!
Come up without talking
Open the door, open the door
Open the door. Open the door.
Hehe, long time no see, you two, stop talking nonsense.
Why didn't you open the door just now?
Did you overpay the rebel?
What to do, what to do, what to do
Be honest
The old rich prince led them to track down the four
No matter who you are
How dare you take over Wu House?
Chief, you see, my house is already small
No Tibetans
Isn't that obvious at a glance?
Yamachi did not
No best
The old man lost something important today
After you come out, the old man will take people away
It's going to be exposed so soon
The mother is the daughter who is unfilial
You can only repay the kindness of parenting in the next life
Hurry up!